I. Versions
Varoniin-0.1.pl
	wersja robocza
Varoniin-0.1a.pl
	wersja robocza
Varoniin-0.2.pl
	pierwsza wersja pelna. Mapowanie GV na 3did
	drukowanie grafu i atrybutow
Varoniin-0.3.pl
	speed up by analysing only targets from variation list
Varoniin-0.4.pl
	adding variant type tag
	print binary variables for Variants: in/out interface, yes/no in contact with other GV, yes/no in proximity to other variant (on same interface)
	disease hashed separately for residues and for interfaces - to be developed further
	corrected some issues
	header in variant printout


II. Description

For each of identified domain - domain interactions. 
	If they can occure at the same time (found in same individual):
		-calculate distance between residues. Can double variation cancel each individual effect out?


1. Parse 3did and others
2. parse pdb - uniprot annotation and add to parsed contacts to store one big table
3. possibly - parse pdb - pfam mapping (for comparisons with pfam definitions in 3did or for other interaction maps)

map variants:
	for given uniprotID/entrezID{
		if variant is in contact (varAA number is same as AA in cmap of specific interface){
			-count contacts for given AA
			-count contacts classified into groups (ss, ms, mm)
			-count number of contacts with residues that are also variants (in general)
			-count number of contacts with residues that are also variants (in same individual)
			-count number of SNPs within specific interface separately on one or other site

	if hotspots are known{
		calculate  distance between varAA and hotspot
		if(d< threshold){
			-assign feature: hotspot_neigh=1


Prepare edges and nodes attribute files (Cytoscape)

1. Network of interfaces with mapped variants
For each interface contact as an edge (1..N)

Edge attributes
	SNPs	
	load_g - total number of SNPs mapped on particular interface
	0 - no snps mapped on contacts
	1 - SNPs mapped on one partner residue
	2 - SNP mapped on interface that contain other SNPs
	3 - SNPs mapped on both partners

Node attributes	
	load_1 - number of SNPs mapped on 1st face
	load_2 - number of SNPs mapped on 2nd face


